#Hello ##my name is Ben
###I am a senior and my pronouns are he/him. My interest in this course is to fulfill my writing intensive requirement but also to learn 
about digital humanities. I will be graduating with a major in studio art and a minor in art history and psychology. I plan on graduating
in May of 2022, which is a semester late, due to a semester I took off to work. However I’m glad I’m a bit late because the new art building
was just built and now I get to have more classes in it. I plan on possibly going to grad school if I decide to become an art therapist,
as this occupation will require a higher degree.My favorite kind of art is sculpture and my favorite medium is stone. My plan after college

is to become an art teacher or an art therapist, as I had mentioned before, but hopefully I can eventually make money just from selling my
own pieces. I’m from a military family so I have many hometowns. I was born in Jacksonville North Carolina, and most recently I’m from 
northern Virginia. Some of my favorite places that I’ve lived have been Germany, California, and Washington DC. I lived in Germany when I
was much younger, but I was old enough to appreciate California and Washington DC. I have a leopard gecko named Cleo and a golden doodle 
puppy named Piccolo with my boyfriend Tyson. At home I have three brothers, named Jack, Andrew, and William, and a German shepherd hound mix
named Oliver. Both my older brother and my dad are in the Marine Corps. I really like the anime _Naruto_ as well as the _Simpsons_. My favorite
music artist is J Cole. In my free time I’m either at the gym or in my apartment watching shows and cooking/ eating food. 
